Gwenevere Abriel: Debbie
Gwenevere Abriel: Barker bio psycho social
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Debbie. Good morning to you. Yeah, let's check on her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent. So we, um, we have
Gwenevere Abriel: Today is going to be a lot of the sort of similar questions sort of that same style lots of questions. It's not going to really be delving much into the psychotherapy part of our work together. I just, I need to get a history.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you put me down somewhere on and you don't. There's no rush on it. I can be a bookshelf could be a stack of books could be dining table could be coffee table, but it would be nice, that I could see you and hear you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you take your time kind of working that out you can maybe put a book in front of the phone or something like
Gwenevere Abriel: That clip and I'll be opening up a note for us to get started.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, that's great, right there. That's cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're attending and
Gwenevere Abriel: Becca, Becca group, is that right
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's unique. I don't see a lot of clients that I don't also see in my groups. So kind of doing my best to be sort of flexible there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, and let's just see how it goes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'd like to take a second because you and I haven't met really just to at least introduce myself a little bit so you know who I am. Okay, and then I'll get to know you through some of the questions that I'm going to ask you today.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm here in Florida, and I have been a Licensed Marriage and family therapist for about 21 years I've been licensed in New Mexico for going on three
Gwenevere Abriel: In June, yeah I specifically got that license to work with bright heart health.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've been working with folks in chemical dependence and substance abuse, for I would say my entire career. I find it fascinating really enjoy working with the population. Good. Yeah. And just a couple of things.
Gwenevere Abriel: The phone
Gwenevere Abriel: I use you guys have my personal cell.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which means
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a cool thing because I get quick access if you want to confirm a schedule appointment with me or if something changes. You can reach me very quickly.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what can happen for some people is they can get confused about that therapy might also happen through texting and it won't
Gwenevere Abriel: So what will happen is, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: People can text me
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: It could be, let's say in distress you might be going through something and you messaged me a concern. But what the what you'll get back is it'll sound something like this. Are you able to meet in, zoom, because I want to meet in here to process, what's going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it can feel sometimes a little cold, the feeling in a text.
Debbie Barker: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't intend it to. But I'd like to say something like that so that we can meet in here and we can talk in person. Okay, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: If you think you're going to miss appointment, let me know 24 hours in advance so that I can book another client in that place that you won't be able to attend.
Gwenevere Abriel: Either I'm an independent contractor, which means if you don't show up, then I'm done I don't earn a living. So will always try to schedule it around both of our schedules. So I'm not interfering in your work life balance, and vice versa.
Debbie Barker: To work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, that's basically it on my side. So what I'd like to do is I want to give you a little heads up about what today might look like.
Gwenevere Abriel: There today is not a day for the full long story that I want to go over very gently and carefully when you and I meet for individual therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's today. Today is mostly going to be about pulling an history of when did it start, so you might hear me say how old were you how much, how often, how long, and then I might go to the next one.
Gwenevere Abriel: On this substance. What age did you first sight started, how much, how often, how long was your most recent you so I'm looking for really short answers.
Gwenevere Abriel: This assessment is for me. I just have a little bit to sort of just gently. Get to know just tiny little pieces.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then later on I'll get to know you more fully through longer conversations. So if you catch yourself kind of get delving into a longer story. You might hear me say, well, let's explore that later. And let's go on to the next question. It's not intended to cut you off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because this is a two hour assessment that I have to cram into one hour.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I gotta move super quick. You ready
Gwenevere Abriel: Yo, I'm excited. So the first thing we're going to do is we're going to talk about the history of your opiate use
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're not going to talk about other substances, just for now let's just talk about when you first use the short acting opiate that would be percocet hydropower biking in and what was it for was it for a surgery. How did it all get started.
Debbie Barker: Um, it was back in 1983 and I fell down two flights of stairs.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your doctor. So you had, was it a surgery, what, what was the injuries that you
Debbie Barker: For years later, I had my first surgery took them 40 years to figure out what was wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was the surgery on
Debbie Barker: My back. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and what injuries still remains. Like what's your current condition with your back. How is it diagnose what do you have
Debbie Barker: I have a fusion that's coming apart.
Debbie Barker: Yeah, I've had for a few for back surgeries.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so have had for got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here it is. It's 1983 and I'm you were prescribed. Do you remember what you were prescribed back then. What that medication was the pain medicine.
Debbie Barker: I'm sure it was hydro
Gwenevere Abriel: Hydro so okay and so then you took it probably under the doctor's supervision and then after that, did you go to the streets, or did you start doctor shopping. How did it go from
Debbie Barker: That point you Lord kept getting them from the same doctor
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. For how many years.
Debbie Barker: Well, I've been on and off since 83
Gwenevere Abriel: And the times that you were off of them. How did that happen that you were off of them.
Debbie Barker: I just didn't have a doctor to go to
Gwenevere Abriel: Was that because a lapse of insurance or something like that or you just moved
Debbie Barker: No, we have
Debbie Barker: We don't have a whole lot of doctors here.
Debbie Barker: Good.
Debbie Barker: Good doctor and they would pack up and leave.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so the interruption is the doctor that you had been seeing since 1980 treat free that Dr. Moved away left the practice.
Debbie Barker: Yo, that was in Arizona.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so there's also a change in residence. So that might have also interrupted the the medication.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. So I have a little Chihuahua a dog that's gonna
Gwenevere Abriel: wet, wet his little self. If I don't get them out of here. So I'm just going to take two seconds.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry to say hi. Hi, and then I'll be right back.
Debbie Barker: You got one behind me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, good. I guess this is a male to
Gwenevere Abriel: Me.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the name of your, your little pet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Susie. Susie. Let me see. Susie, where's this little cutie.
Gwenevere Abriel: I love seeing people's pets.
Gwenevere Abriel: Question was just
Gwenevere Abriel: Like
Gwenevere Abriel: So as soon as he socialized to Susie, like other people coming by, or she's just like,
Debbie Barker: She's pretty socialize.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Oh.
Debbie Barker: This is but there
Are
Debbie Barker: Initiatives or three legged cat that's only three in here with me right now.
Debbie Barker: What is one
Debbie Barker: Little dude.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you call through like a cat.
Debbie Barker: His name is Charlie.
Gwenevere Abriel: Charlie, the three legged cat amazing dude.
Debbie Barker: Why you hurt wonderful front paws, and he was walking on two poles, the other day, till that busted open
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's persevere here. Here we go back to these questions. So, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you, have you ever tried to come off and kick opiates yourself on purpose, like I need to come off of these, you know,
Debbie Barker: Room. What I've done better.
Debbie Barker: Okay work after two back surgeries.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow okay and give me maybe the longest time you've been able to stay off of them.
Debbie Barker: Oh, maybe a couple years.
Gwenevere Abriel: You sort of kind of know when those years were 1990s, or
Debbie Barker: Oh, probably around 89 ok
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, so maybe 291 90 okay and you work to
Debbie Barker: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, 1990 and how did you pull that off. How did you maintain staying off of the opiates. How did you manage that.
Debbie Barker: I didn't need it anymore. So I just quit taking them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you experience all the withdrawal symptoms, nausea, vomiting,
Debbie Barker: Sweating. No.
Debbie Barker: You target a good thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: No kidding. I hear you.
Debbie Barker: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: At its worst, in other words, at the most amount of the short acting opiate and by short acting. That's a larger sort of group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Opiates
Gwenevere Abriel: That includes heroin Viking in purposes hydro is all of those. And then over here is the long acting those
Gwenevere Abriel: The buprenorphine. Okay, so, so let's I'm just the short acting at its worst, how much in any given day were you taking just have an idea how higher tolerance got
Debbie Barker: Probably sick today.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was the milligram of those six bills.
Gwenevere Abriel: 10s. They were 10s okay milligram pills. Got it. And is this the most recent amount is this like last month, or how far back as this will
Debbie Barker: Last month, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is the most recent years. Okay.
Debbie Barker: Right.
All right.
Debbie Barker: I've been on and off of them for
Debbie Barker: 30 something years
Debbie Barker: I've had pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: 30 something years okay and
Gwenevere Abriel: About a bit a bit a bit about when was your last use of the short acting
Debbie Barker: Probably about three weeks ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what were you taking
Debbie Barker: oxy
Debbie Barker: oxy cotton.
Gwenevere Abriel: OxyContin or Hydra
There were
Debbie Barker: There were
Obviously coding
Gwenevere Abriel: And we've got prescribed or off the street.
Prescribed
Gwenevere Abriel: And is
Gwenevere Abriel: Which kind of doctor is this
Debbie Barker: Um, he was an internal medicine. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you still have those pills in your residence now.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: When you had to wait, you know, maybe what was it eight hours 12 hours when you were kind of coming off of the oxy coding
Gwenevere Abriel: What withdrawal symptoms did you experience.
Debbie Barker: I just heard all over
Gwenevere Abriel: Hurt all over
anything besides to
Debbie Barker: Know, really.
Gwenevere Abriel: So no nasza no hot
Debbie Barker: Dog. Yeah.
Debbie Barker: But that's really normal for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, it is. OK.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, so I'll get to know more about why that is. You probably have some other something else going on with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so no let me, let me see if I can get into the template here. See if we can identify some other symptoms.
Gwenevere Abriel: Additional symptom withdrawal. So we've got you said no sweating know yawning. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: None none None of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And did you ever experienced any legal problems associated with the opiate yes
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any financial problems with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: No interpersonal
Debbie Barker: Where do you be
Gwenevere Abriel: Um you let's say you were living with a sister and sisters. Like, I can't take you taking these pills anymore. And then you stop talking.
Gwenevere Abriel: For five years.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And failed work obligations. So let's say it hasn't affected your ability to work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, you've chosen not to work. Is that right,
Debbie Barker: Though I've had four back surgeries that can't work.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to go with
Gwenevere Abriel: Go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, sobriety duration, the most you're able to maintain sobriety was like two years. Can you say eat him. He had a little relief there for those couple years.
It.
Debbie Barker: Was wasn't dealing with the pain on was beforehand.
Gwenevere Abriel: Huh. Yep. Okay. And have you ever had any accidental or intentional overdoses on an opiate
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay. I forgot to mention that this is being transcribed. So you're going to hear me say some funny things like this client denies lifetime accidental or intentional overdose history. Please transcribe
Gwenevere Abriel: So sounds like I'm talking to, like, I'm hearing voices or something. But that's what I'm doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So okay, so denies that okay
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Um, and was there ever times during these this 30 something years where you had tried a long acting opiate. Did anybody ever tried any the long ones with you.
Debbie Barker: oxy cotton before my
Debbie Barker: Third surgery.
Debbie Barker: For about four years before they finally went in and fuse that dish.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's also a short acting up yet so
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all right. Let's see, let's poke around here is so this this the first time that you're you're ingesting taking a long acting opiate long acting means the buprenorphine which stays in your bloodstream.
Gwenevere Abriel: 2436 hours.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this the first time that you have taken buprenorphine to address pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay, this is your first time. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm feeling kind of stable on it at this point.
Debbie Barker: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. And now I'm going to be asking about a whole bunch of different substances.
Gwenevere Abriel: But before I get into it. I could probably move even faster if you tell me, have you ever experimented with recreational drugs such as marijuana, cocaine methamphetamine.
Debbie Barker: Um I smoked pot. I didn't methamphetamine years years ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's go ahead and I'll do, I'll do the, the questions, then let me see, I've got this little list. I've been using recently is kind of convenient. So let's go over here to
Gwenevere Abriel: Answer any accidental or intentional use of fentanyl
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Client denies like Chinese of fentanyl and the accidental or into and assume now all my questions are accidental or intentional. Okay, um, any use of spice. If you don't know what the word is just say
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know. That is the
Gwenevere Abriel: Client denies lifetime use of spice.
Gwenevere Abriel: any use of heroin even experimental
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay. What age did you first try that.
Debbie Barker: 62
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. And so here it is 1962 were you using it every day. Were you smoking it where you're injecting of what we're doing.
Debbie Barker: No smoking it every day.
Gwenevere Abriel: That was 62 as men 1962
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that correct what 1962 196
Debbie Barker: Just the lines here so
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I gotta repeat again on telemedicine. They'll be things I can't hear. So I'm repeating myself in the last I gotta start over.
Gwenevere Abriel: What year did you first experiment with heroin.
Debbie Barker: 2002 2020. Oh, sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay 2020. Okay, got it. And so here we are we're smoking every day and about how much we smoking every day.
Debbie Barker: Maybe pay for some time just to dine. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and at its worst, how much do you remember using
Debbie Barker: I didn't get a whole lot worse than that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that was at its worst as well. And when was the last use would you say
Debbie Barker: Oh weeks ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Mm hmm. Maybe around three three or two weeks ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yo, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And any IV experimentation.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay. So, it denies lifetime use of heroin intravenous drug use.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we're going to go into the math here in just a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: But first I want to cover any again if you don't know the word I've already got my answer any use of cranium.
Debbie Barker: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Tonight's lifetime use to create them and Asia first use of tobacco smoking or chillin
Debbie Barker: Oh, probably about 13
Gwenevere Abriel: And what was the progression from there started doing it every day, or what's, what's the story.
Debbie Barker: Just started doing it here, they're bored nerd. I was full time smoker.
Gwenevere Abriel: For how many years have been full time smoker.
Debbie Barker: 50
Gwenevere Abriel: About 50. How much do you smoke these days.
Debbie Barker: Are battery pack.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Today, currently, all right, and Asia first use of alcohol.
Debbie Barker: Well,
Debbie Barker: Probably about 14 or 15
Gwenevere Abriel: What was the progression from there. Some people soon as they drink their, their drinking every weekend and then
Gwenevere Abriel: What was it
Debbie Barker: Was experimenting with them. We didn't drink it every day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Debbie Barker: I've never visited every day, drink, don't drink at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Were there ever times when you drank, and you, you had blackouts.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, so let's transcribe cage screening client denies blackout history. Did anyone ever just say to you, Debbie gang girl, you need to cut back
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you ever need one as an eye opener.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the morning, okay. So it sounds like all negative for the cage questions. So let's please transcribe negative to all page question. Okay, and last drink. What would you say that was
Debbie Barker: I had a drink a new year.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like
Gwenevere Abriel: A set of champagne or a champagne or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, OK.
Debbie Barker: We have a drink is New Year.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right, got it up celebrated welcome the new year. Alright, Asia first use this one. I know you're still adjusting THC. We'll get into that, but first let me hear the agent first use of THC.
Gwenevere Abriel: About 13 and from there we you smoking every day. What was the frequency in your teens.
Debbie Barker: Oh, I didn't really start smoking every day, till I was about 18
Gwenevere Abriel: And then what how often
Debbie Barker: Every day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, age 18 and how much we spoken.
Debbie Barker: Oh, maybe a couple of George
Gwenevere Abriel: To join today.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, and at its worst, how much were you ingesting
Debbie Barker: Not the same
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and never really reached more than two drinks a day and has that continued
Gwenevere Abriel: Sense age 16
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And so, currently, same thing.
Debbie Barker: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Day and most recent ingestion of any THC was was when
Debbie Barker: You help me sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, um, any use of spice in your lifetime.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know tonight's lifetime you spice is your first use of powder cocaine. I pull apart powder and crack. I said, pull those apart.
Debbie Barker: Never have.
Gwenevere Abriel: Clients nice lifetime use of powder cocaine. How about crack cocaine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Though nice life 10 years of crack cocaine our right to nice to nice to Nice. How about this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: There is, you know, people did identify as having ADHD they oftentimes take a Ritalin and Adderall. Sometimes they'll take via dance. Have you ever taken methylphenidate recreationally or maybe have been prescribed it
Gwenevere Abriel: Know tonight's lifetime us. So that's affinity ADHD medications such as Adderall or Ritalin. Okay, so put denies. And then for for math. When was the first time you tried that.
Debbie Barker: Was about 30
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so your age 30 and did you
Gwenevere Abriel: Smoke it with a friend, a boyfriend. What, how did that come about.
Debbie Barker: With your friend.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then right after that, did you have to do it every day, or how did it progress.
Debbie Barker: I did it every day. We're. Um, maybe about seven years and didn't quit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you quit.
Debbie Barker: Because it made me Howard all over
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Amy heard all over
Gwenevere Abriel: And so you are motivated because it's you wanted the hurt to stop and say, okay, so you didn't go to treatment for you just stop.
Debbie Barker: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just stop one day closer to that cold turkey approach.
Debbie Barker: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I got you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. And when was your last use of any math.
Debbie Barker: Me 530 years ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Five.
Debbie Barker: Or 3025 or 30 years ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, got it last us
Gwenevere Abriel: 30 years ago. Got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and any history of using barbiturates you don't know the word, we'll move on.
Debbie Barker: I don't know the word
Gwenevere Abriel: Find tonight's lifetime use of barbiturates so this other one that starts with a be is kind of similar.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, any benzodiazepines, those would be often times would be a Xanax plan as a Pam out event.
Debbie Barker: October next
Gwenevere Abriel: A women's the age of first US
Debbie Barker: On my mom used to give us a half on when when we were good.
Gwenevere Abriel: For you.
Debbie Barker: Oh, probably about 10 years or something like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now that you're older. Do you know how many milligrams, you are given, you get a sense
Debbie Barker: The lowest milligram
Gwenevere Abriel: Some maybe you are given at age 10 a half a milligram
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, maybe okay maybe half a milligram. Okay, how many years were you given the Xanax and a half a milligram. Would you say
Debbie Barker: Oh just every now with them. Okay.
Debbie Barker: It wasn't an everyday thing. It was usually after me. My dad got into a big fight.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And does this. Did that happen about once a week.
Debbie Barker: No, just every now and then.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like once every three months we're thinking
Debbie Barker: Like that, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: So every now and again is different for everybody. That's why I was trying to grab a timeframe that you did great. I know it's a hard thing to kind of capture in time.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what was your did it ever like let's say later on in life where you ever prescribed it. Are we getting it off the street or
Debbie Barker: Prescribed it later on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, tell me about that prescription
Debbie Barker: For my nerves.
Debbie Barker: Long story.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, about how old are you,
Debbie Barker: 35
Gwenevere Abriel: On that for a year, three years, how long would you say
Debbie Barker: Maybe about three years. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And was that about a milligram
Debbie Barker: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Do you know what diagnosis you were given
Debbie Barker: Exotic anxiety.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: at its highest amount. Do you remember taking more than let's say a milligram a day. Was there a period of time that you were using it almost even abusing it taking more than what was on the bottle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know When was your last ingestion of a benzodiazepine
Debbie Barker: COUPLE DAYS AGO.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have a current prescription
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Was this use kind of from a friend of a friend off the street from a friend.
Debbie Barker: I have a lot of trouble sleeping.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where did that come from was at a friend's
Debbie Barker: No, it was off the street.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gotcha. It's to address your sleeping.
Right.
Debbie Barker: I'll go for as high as a weekend. I can't sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh dear.
Gwenevere Abriel: That makes us nuts, doesn't it.
Debbie Barker: It does it really
Gwenevere Abriel: Does searches search, ya know, we've got that sleep. We've got to have it. Mm hmm. I feel. Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, any use of hallucinogens let's say mushrooms when you're coming up.
Gwenevere Abriel: No nice lifetime use of mushrooms. What about PCP acid.
Gwenevere Abriel: Client denies lifetime use of hallucinogens including mushrooms acid PCP. How about whippets
Debbie Barker: Though I don't really know what they are.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's good to me. Client denies huffing and whippet behavior in lifetime.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um, as far as treatment history thinking not so much about you know that word you use my nerves.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now thinking just around for a moment substance you were maybe you were seeking some treatment to address substance use. Have you ever been. Let's say to a residential program, a lot of people call it remap
Gwenevere Abriel: No clients denies residential level of care lifetime. What about intensive outpatient where you talked with a therapist for like three hours a day, three times a week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay clients a nice intensive outpatient level of care history. What about outpatient, we sat with a therapist and talked about your thoughts and feelings, maybe even once a month or once a week.
Debbie Barker: Though for years.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you tell me when you first received tree.
Debbie Barker: Maybe in 95
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: 1995 and were you meeting with someone like a psychologist, where you kind of analyze
Debbie Barker: Their business.
Gwenevere Abriel: Therapist and how many months or years, did you see that therapist.
Debbie Barker: Maybe a couple months.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh ok for on and did you not connect with that clinician.
Debbie Barker: No, not really.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's really important isn't it if you don't jive with them. If you can't, like, find something where you feel safe. It's hard for us to open up, isn't it.
Debbie Barker: Yes, it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, oh boy. Okay, I got you. So you at least you know kind of what the therapeutic relationship is we got 1995 any other any other sort of either psychotherapy or substance use treatment. Besides that, one in 1995 and this one now.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay. Okay. So still pretty fresh still haven't like completely gotten into some of that history. Okay, I'm going to be very respectful of that because I want to make a good impression
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, cool, cool, cool. Today's a rough one, because it's hard for us to develop rapport when I'm coming at you have all these questions, but we'll all be slowing way down next time. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so fantastic. We got a real good sense here. Hey, how about this. Have you ever been hospitalized though around the, let's say any of the substance use maybe okay so client also denies hospitalization history associated with substance use. What about
Gwenevere Abriel: This is going to be kind of a shifting of gears here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, let's use it on a scale from zero to 1010 being super confident
Gwenevere Abriel: And zero being really not confident when you assess your self esteem. In other words, your ability that once you make up your mind. You want to do something, you have the confidence to go do it 10 is
Debbie Barker: Unreal for
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so self esteem. These days from zero to 10s about like you want me put 3.5
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay 3.5 I got you. Beautiful. All right, something so we can kind of have a reference point.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's go in here, save those same all this good stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just now. I was very much following my own sort of list of things I like to talk about. I'm to now shift gears and follow bright heart health structure. So I've got these little drop down windows that I'm going to use to steer the questions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever been diagnosed with an anxiety disorder, depression, bipolar any PTSD, anything like that.
Depression.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I heard some antsy anxiety. I also heard that those Benz's were also for some anxiety.
Debbie Barker: Yo, I spent four years in a wheelchair before they decided to do this last surgery.
Debbie Barker: Myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wheelchair that stress whole night.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or the knee.
Gwenevere Abriel: Surgery. Okay, so during that time. That's when there was maybe some anxiety and depression. Right. And those those four years, especially
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I can see why you
Gwenevere Abriel: Go through that. That makes sense. So sorry. Gosh, our system is so broken
Debbie Barker: Yo,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about when you were coming up in school. Were you ever identified it as having an impulse control or learning difficulties.
Debbie Barker: Oh, I was
Debbie Barker: I was slow. I didn't really care that much about school
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, gotcha.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any I'm on your mom side or dad side any schizophrenia. Any hallucinations any psychotic or suicide attempts on either side of your family history. Maybe you heard stories about it.
Debbie Barker: Oh, good job them. So when I was a kid.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uncle killed herself and was out on dad side or mom's side.
Debbie Barker: My mother's
Gwenevere Abriel: Was how old were you when that happened,
Debbie Barker: Probably been a
Gwenevere Abriel: Maternal that's mother's side maternal uncle killed herself when I was eight.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, any substance use, kind of on one side of the family or another. Do you remember it kind of growing up with that.
Debbie Barker: My father was an alcoholic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay. That's important one for me to know
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to be asking about family and a little bit that can be a kind of a Tender, tender conversation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever been hospitalized because you were thinking or you took action to take your own life suicidal behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, Brian denies lifetime hospitalization care of suicidal ideation plan intense or action.
Gwenevere Abriel: So in your lifetime. This is a different kind of question. This has to do with whether those thoughts were there. Do you remember in your lifetime ever thinking, even as a little girl. I don't want to live anymore. Do you remember having those thoughts.
Debbie Barker: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Um, yeah. Okay. So how did that first kind of kick in.
Debbie Barker: 10
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, did it ever get to. I've got a plan.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay, so it stayed there right at just the thought.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And what was the thought. Do you remember back that far, what it was.
Debbie Barker: No, I don't remember what I had planned on doing I just knew I didn't want to be there.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the one I know I didn't want to be there. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And did you ever take any action in your whole life to either passively or actively try to end your own life. Did you try to commit suicide.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay client tonight's lifetime suicidal behavior. What was the last time you remember kind of having those suicidal thoughts.
Debbie Barker: Long time ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: So long time for me might be different than the next person would you say 20 years ago 10 years ago, five years ago.
Debbie Barker: 10 years ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Last thought was about 10 okay
Gwenevere Abriel: If you get them if you even have one
Gwenevere Abriel: Will you tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay, I'm going to want to help, because we know we're really kind of cut off course if you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, what
Debbie Barker: To do with chronic pain for as many years is our have
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you are persevering and resilient having to deal with this pain every day.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So continuing this conversation we were talking about suicidal ideation about the other spectrum. Have you ever thought about killing someone homicidal ideation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh client, and is it safe to say that you've also not try to kill someone, you
Debbie Barker: Know I'm trying to kill anybody.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so client lifetime homicidal ideation intent plan in action. Again, if you have those thoughts. Please tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so let's
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up.
Gwenevere Abriel: The depression and anxiety. You know, you were talking about.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you have been prescribed Xanax in the past, have you ever been prescribed an antidepressant.
Debbie Barker: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Do you remember any of those medicines and are you on any now.
Debbie Barker: Bill. No, I'm not on anything. No.
Elbow
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you remember we want to feel for years and you liked it or you tried it for a month and didn't like it. What's the
Debbie Barker: Hours on it for years.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you like about being on it.
Debbie Barker: Oh I certain medicines, I would take that would make sure it didn't make me jittery at night.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, Contra indicator, wasn't it
Gwenevere Abriel: Made me teary okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Did aside from those additional medications that made you jittery before you took those other ones. What did you like about being on the L bill.
Debbie Barker: I did the word help
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you couldn't tell the difference.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay, I got it. You just did what the doctor said she really couldn't tell the difference.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: He said, You are not on any psychiatric medication right now.
Debbie Barker: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ice cream and are you under the care of a psychiatrist.
Debbie Barker: No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So client denies current psychiatric medication management as well as denies current psychiatric
Gwenevere Abriel: Care to know psychiatrists. Gotcha.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you yourself ever had.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of a psychiatric episode where you were hearing things seeing things that other people couldn't see or hear
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: No tonight is nation history, even with the sleep deprivation deprivation. You didn't go through that.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay, just checking. Sometimes we see it's like it can get pretty intense without sleep.
More
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So deny psychiatric psychotic history even secondary to sleep deprivation. History
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Let's see what we got here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Were you adopted.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, I've moved. You can tell I just move sections right now. My questions are going to be a little bit more towards a family history.
Gwenevere Abriel: We won't stay there long if you have big emotions that come up, just kind of do some nice deep breathing and just know we won't be there long will be going on to another topic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and we can take our time and get into it. When you're ready, so God. No, she's not adopted. Is your mother living
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: And did she have any psychiatric illness or substance abuse.
Debbie Barker: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So she didn't have bipolar any learning disorder and eating disorder impulse
Gwenevere Abriel: Control of that. Okay. And do you know she has a trauma history. Do you know and if in her stories, she experienced psychological or physical trauma.
Debbie Barker: No, I don't believe so.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And medical illness. What did she passed from
Debbie Barker: Her heart.
Gwenevere Abriel: She had some hard episode.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Heart related
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is interesting. I don't. I'm going to show you these words.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you can't see them all all read them out loud. Sometimes they come for people to see them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why is it not showing me my my share the real share screen.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is about the quality of relationship. Now, these, these happen to be some of the more positive words. But there are other ones too. And I'm going to pull those up because sometimes they coexist. So the quality of relationship with your mother.
Gwenevere Abriel: It can be any, it can be one of these. It can be all of them could be a couple of them would you say adequate closer consistent, the quality relationship with your mother.
Globe.
Debbie Barker: Fulfilling federal close
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, fulfilling functional or intimate
Debbie Barker: We were close
Gwenevere Abriel: Loving reliable rewarding.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, how about satisfying stabled supportive
Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it ever abusive avoidant or boring.
Gwenevere Abriel: No chaotic controlling distant
Debbie Barker: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: exploitive fragile inconsistent.
Gwenevere Abriel: neglectful parasitic or punishing
Gwenevere Abriel: No sale traumatic unfaithful.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I'm happy.
Debbie Barker: I think she was
Gwenevere Abriel: Was the relationship kind of unhappy at times.
Debbie Barker: Unhealthy oh
Debbie Barker: No, it was an unhealthy at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I think I got an idea. So let's go over to Father who is he's deceased. Is that correct,
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I already know the alcohol. I've got that one in there for
Debbie Barker: Him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, did he have other sort of presenting psychiatric presentation like impulse control to teach associate did he have compulsive behaviors.
Debbie Barker: Well, he was verbally abusive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Yep. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're gonna get into that section. So let me go to Joe medical any medical that you're aware of with him illness.
Debbie Barker: Oh, you had a bad heart to
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go down here to we got abusive was he ever avoidant boring was the quality of relationship chaotic with him.
Debbie Barker: Was chaotic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Controlling distant or exploitive
Debbie Barker: Tried to be controlling
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Was he
Gwenevere Abriel: neglectful parasitic or punishing
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay stale. Stale traumatic unfaithful.
Debbie Barker: I'm curious with them faithful to my mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm wasn't wasn't a quality of relationship with your father. Would you say that it was traumatic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay. Unhappy unhealthy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Unhealthy got it unsatisfying unsupportive
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Yes. Gotcha. Okay, we got those now the quality of relationship between the two between your mother and father remember some of those words both positive and negative. Do you remember
Gwenevere Abriel: What would you say they were close and loving, are they avoiding distant controlling how would you describe the quality of their relationship.
Debbie Barker: Ever close and loving
Gwenevere Abriel: There any controlling behavior between the two. Was it exploitive neglectful
Debbie Barker: We'd always tried to control my mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's do this. Stop share, you did great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now are you running out of battery in your phone.
Debbie Barker: It's getting low with all
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, these, these zoom meeting they suck a lot of juice out of funds. So, and over time probably start to get used to keeping it plugged in will work out a little system, you know, you'll probably end up wanting to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you have any siblings.
Debbie Barker: I have one sister alive and one deceased brother.
Gwenevere Abriel: And where were you born first, second, or third
Debbie Barker: I'm in the middle.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's the quality of relationship with your sister.
Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you guys close
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yes. Okay. So we'll use the word close to describe the quality of relationship and your brother did he passed away from substance use what we did. What did he pass away from
Debbie Barker: hit and run. He got hit on
Debbie Barker: On the highway walking across the highway.
Gwenevere Abriel: How many years ago.
I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Back in 92. Are you guys close
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And did he have any substance use history or mental illness that you kind of suspected or maybe was diagnosed with
Debbie Barker: He was an alcoholic abuser. And he was very slow.
Debbie Barker: He couldn't read or write.
Gwenevere Abriel: couldn't read right
Debbie Barker: He was a good guide, though.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and we have for one
Gwenevere Abriel: living, sister, what's her name.
Debbie Barker: Can we
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we
Debbie Barker: can meet
Gwenevere Abriel: Me. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tammy and the relationship quality is close.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And is there any substance use any mental health kind of concerns with Tammy for you.
Debbie Barker: Know, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Just thought I'd check
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, we've touched on the quality relationships with see what other categories they have here. Have you ever been married or are you married
Debbie Barker: Um, yes, I've been married and
Debbie Barker: Have a boyfriend of 11 years
Gwenevere Abriel: You were married for how many years. And when did you get married.
Debbie Barker: I got married back in 89 but he's he's been gone for a long time.
Gwenevere Abriel: He okay and he has gone for a long time. And so, you are a widow, is that how that that marriage ended.
Debbie Barker: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you think you guys were together maybe a year 10 years. Do you know
Debbie Barker: Probably good 20 before he died.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he's now been boyfriend for 11 okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is your boyfriend in the room with you now.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Does he have any alcohol substance abuse or mental health concerns.
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Any psychotic behavior on his part. Do you ever see him kind of talking to himself or anything that you have some concerns around
Debbie Barker: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, he's never tried to kill himself. He doesn't have a suicide. History
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, we got here. We've got quality relationship. We've got
Gwenevere Abriel: Quality relationship with boyfriend is this one close functional intimate loving reliable.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there any of those other words like does it sometimes feel controlling distant chaotic abusive.
Debbie Barker: No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: None of those negative ones that
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm facing on
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, just not object, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you're doing great. We've got one more, one more section here.
Gwenevere Abriel: What city. Were you born in and state.
Debbie Barker: I'm wanting to hear her. Tell us, what did you go
Gwenevere Abriel: portales New Mexico.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: WHEN YOUR MOTHER WAS PREGNANT WITH YOU WERE YOU normal birth for since
Debbie Barker: I was normal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it. And when you hear stories about the milestones, when you were growing up, did you crawl on time stand on time, walk on.
Gwenevere Abriel: No delays.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Birth order is second.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you are a little baby where you described as anxious easy cranky cuddly extrovert.
Debbie Barker: fumbling
Gwenevere Abriel: Fussy happy introvert overactive
Debbie Barker: Probably over active
Gwenevere Abriel: Sad shy or withdrawn.
Debbie Barker: Withdrawn
Gwenevere Abriel: And when you were little. Do you remember having some specific fears that ended up, meaning you have some nightmares. Do you remember any of that.
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Any specific fears that maybe resulted in
Gwenevere Abriel: Bed wedding or
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or not wanting to leave the house, not wanting to go to school kind of holding on to someone's
Debbie Barker: Belief douse
Gwenevere Abriel: Ever wanted to leave the house.
Debbie Barker: Always wanted to leave the house.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, just the opposite of that always wanted to leave. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, you mentioned about school. He said I disliked it
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, um, were you ever diagnosed with something called dyslexia.
Debbie Barker: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: You ever diagnosed with any kind of learning math difficulties.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any language problems.
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Any speech ever kind of noticed you did some speech. Sometimes they give it in school, they'll offer speech therapy.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you talk excessively in class.
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: When you were coming up. Would you say you had many friends close friends, few friends or teased by friends.
Debbie Barker: I had a few friends.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your parents behavior. Did they argue frequently in front of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, behind closed doors.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did they ever get violent in front of you.
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Did they ever get violent in private, kind of, when you couldn't see
Debbie Barker: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you ever grounded.
Debbie Barker: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We ever hit with a belt.
Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was a fist.
Debbie Barker: No.
spanked
Debbie Barker: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are only a few ways, right. Can we can sort of physically leave a mark on a child. Were there other ways that maybe a family member may have tried to discipline you and ended up really, really hurting you.
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So no, no belts, none of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, I'm belt.
Yeah.
Debbie Barker: Just what I did something I shouldn't have done.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I separate physical abuse from sexual from emotional when you were younger, you ever left alone to like take care of your siblings, you had a baby eat you were left alone for maybe even days.
Debbie Barker: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Were you ever bullied at school.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Were you ever physically abused by a family member, a friend, a partner, a stranger.
Debbie Barker: What family. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what about when you were little, did anyone touch you sexually in appropriately.
Gwenevere Abriel: Father, father. And sometimes when that happens when we're younger. Then we have we become sort of a survivor of an assault when we're older. Were you ever raised as a woman.
Debbie Barker: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You said, oh, yeah, that makes me think that more than once.
Debbie Barker: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it ever reported, did you report it to the authorities.
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: When you were coming out. Did you ever set fire.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ever cruel to animals.
Oh, no.
Debbie Barker: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And did you ever run away from home.
Debbie Barker: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And ever bring a weapon to school.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Skipped school
Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. How far did you get in school.
Debbie Barker: To 10th grade.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you end up finishing kind of get yourself a GED at some point or
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, any additional training or education after 10th grade.
Go.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your financial status stable. Stable
Debbie Barker: Stable
Gwenevere Abriel: You consider yourself a heterosexual, lesbian, bisexual, or other
Debbie Barker: Normal. Let me just for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to put heterosexual single partner. Okay.
All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. And right now, you are living arrangements, we have I'm assuming partner and we've got pets. Anybody else to live in with
Debbie Barker: We're done.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I put
Gwenevere Abriel: With children with daughter, and how many children do you have
Debbie Barker: I have to
Gwenevere Abriel: The quality of your relationship with those children.
Debbie Barker: What is not so good. Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so daughter how oldest daughter.
Debbie Barker: I'm 38
Gwenevere Abriel: And how's the relationship with 38 year old daughter.
Debbie Barker: Good job.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll put clothes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you have another child. What's the gender.
Debbie Barker: A girl.
Gwenevere Abriel: And described that one is it distant controlling exploitive
Debbie Barker: It's distant
Gwenevere Abriel: Distant
Debbie Barker: Third reusing me
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: He's exploitive okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Does she have a substance abuse or mental health condition that may be associated with the exploitive behavior.
Debbie Barker: No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So denies substance use.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what is her age 4242. So we've got two children.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what else happened here. Almost done. What are your hobbies.
Debbie Barker: I cook. I like to fish.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how many times in lifetime approximately. Have you been arrested.
Debbie Barker: Oh, maybe twice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where they for like possession charges or trafficking or something. What were they for
Debbie Barker: A runaway
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you were a younger woman maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Yo, okay. Um, do you have any open cases. Now we're on a pre trial release you have a probation officer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, like
Gwenevere Abriel: Client denies open cases.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and we're almost done.
Gwenevere Abriel: You and I
Gwenevere Abriel: Am I've got my other clients sitting here in the waiting room, but this is a really important question, Debbie. First of all, thank you. This is a hard assessment and you are amazing. Thank you for persevering this
Gwenevere Abriel: The rest of it is going to be
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice and slow.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do want to have two goals that you and I can look at every month and see how we're doing.
Debbie Barker: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You think about something you'd like to work on. Maybe you missed an opportunity, maybe with a therapist but now's your chance. I'm a licensed clinician they've been doing this a long time.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want to help.
Gwenevere Abriel: If there's something you would like to work on that. I can kind of set that as we all
Debbie Barker: Know, really.
Gwenevere Abriel: Think of it like this something that you want to do more of maybe something you'd like to do less of when we think about goals they kind of steer what therapy will look like, what's something you'd like to do more of or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like to feel better.
Debbie Barker: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And by feel. Are you talking about your emotions or your body
Debbie Barker: My body. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would like to feel better.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we're talking about body. Okay, and what about the on the emotional level. Is there anything you'd like to increase or decrease when it comes to emotions, feelings.
Debbie Barker: Like to feel better about myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well that's self esteem 3.5 maybe we could bring it up.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay, there we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's perfect. Um, I'd like to schedule another time to meet and also if you want. I'm guessing your medication was bridge to today, so I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: I can message, your doctor and say, Hey, I'm Debbie attended her bio psychosocial but you tell me, do you have enough medication to get you to your next group or do you need medicine.
Debbie Barker: Or need medicine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is your doctor doctor all women or Aubrey yell. Is it a girl of male or female.
Debbie Barker: And male
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so Dr all and then I'm going to go to his little message board. I'm going to say
Debbie Barker: Yeah, be
Gwenevere Abriel: Attended. And once your next group.
Debbie Barker: Should be here in another couple of weeks. I'd really
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, you'll be attending individual therapy and group every week. So, which
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it. Where's your group which
Debbie Barker: Is driving
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go. Perfect. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay, so she reports for next group is this Friday, and I'm going to. Oh, that's right. You're with that guy just remember just came to me takes me a while for my brand and kick into gear with Becca. Okay, fantastic. So you and I look at another time to meet
With
Debbie Barker: You. And let's see, we've
Got here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I can't remember if you said you're an early riser if you wake up early or not. I can't remember what you told me
Debbie Barker: No I don't Oh boy. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, we'll have to figure something out because I do all my slide work in the first part of the day, but we'll see. We can do here. What about
Gwenevere Abriel: What if we met at 12 o'clock on Monday, April 13 so individually.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, Gwen GW een therapy April 13 at 12pm and that's your time Mountain Standard, of course.
Debbie Barker: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: When Dr all them and asks in group on Friday. They'll say, hey, hey. Debbie, when is your next appointment with when then you can look down and you can say, oh, I know right. It's on Monday at 12
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Perfect. I just sent him a message I would say maybe call your pharmacy or keep an eye out on your phone for a coupon. I don't know what his, his Tuesday's look like, but he has
Gwenevere Abriel: The message that you're here today. So he's going to get that message and he's going to order your medicine for you if something goes wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it hasn't shown up in the next hour or two, I would be calling bright heart health and saying, Hey, can you make sure that Dr. Solomon knows that I attended my appointment with when I do need my medicine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Debbie. We never want you while you're in this program. We don't want you to be without it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But oftentimes medicine in the first month is bridged from individual therapy to group, then it'll be that way for just a little while and then it'll, it'll start to get a lot easier. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Such a pleasure to meet with you and I get to see you on Friday. Okay, sweetie. All right, bye.